# Tang History Database - Automated Excessiveness Test
*January 24, 2019*

The Tang History Database features OCR-scanned text from the original 1970's publications of both the Old and New Tang dynastic histories. The scanned text has been audited by East Asian Studies graduate students who, as of this writing, have in total audited 47% of the total number of characters within 148 chapters, out of the combined 320 biography chapters (other chapters may be audited at a later time). Though most of the characters in our dataset match the original text, there are still a numerous amount of audits made to correct errors in scanning. Among those audits are a number of redundancies that were solved with an automated process.

*The process by which the list of audits to automate was generated can be explored in the "Database - Automated Audits List" Jupyter notebook. In brief, twenty of the most common audits were initially selected to test this process.*

The character replacement process (executed within the database) was extremely effective, adding 39,996 audits to the 19,243 submitted by the students. This is an increase of **307.84%**, reaching a total of **59,239** audits. Even so, a potential over-reach of automation may occur with a feature of Chinese characters known as "variants," small differences in the strokes of a character that can denote either a change of style (為 - 爲) or even a change of meaning. Auditing a character and replacing it with another in most cases will only be for stylistic purposes; however, because the list of audits generated for automation was derived by submissions from student workers, it is possible that some characters were replaced for one specific purpose and therefore not to be replaced as a whole across the entire text.

This test is designed to provide context for the audits performed by the automated process and to detect whether any audits were incorrectly performed.